three two one boom what's up brother see
my friend always thanks for having oh
man yeah
we've both been busy it's crazy and in
the meantime we'd became legal yes you
guys were at the forefront man you guys
were way ahead you were ahead of
everybody you know we took a shot you
took a shot you know as donors and
advocates and whatnot you know we were
stoners at first right you know that's
how you start like you know your friends
as a man tried this or you're the one
who says try this right it's one or the
other and you know eventually you start
getting into the High Times magazines
and stuff like that and looking at the
you know the centerfold pictures of the
weed but also we like we like to read to
who hazily so you know we'd get into
some of the activism aspect of it as
well and that's when we heard names like
Jack Herer who pretty much opened our
eyes to everything and then you know I
think we became real advocates you know
at first you know we thought we were
yeah you know sort of we read the tide
times magazines that we were stoners so
we thought we were advocates but like in
reading what other freedom fighters were
actually doing out there and protests
and rallies and all that stuff you know
we we really weren't advocates like we
thought we became that later for sure
yeah Jack was way way way ahead of the
curve he's such an interesting story
rest in peace because he was a Goldwater
Republican yeah he was just a
button-down old-school república and
then he got a girlfriend
and then his girlfriend got him smoking
weed yeah and then all Sunny's like man
this is fucking amazing God why am I
such a dick what's wrong with me Who am
I
what am i do in my life absolutely it
totally flipped his life around yeah the
Emperor wears no clothes the fucking
great book man yeah it holds it holds
strong to this day because everything
that he said in the book is sort of
happening right now all the stuff that
they you know they tried to prevent from
happening through all the anti cannabis
propaganda yeah you see it now and now
you see those very companies try to get
into
industry they were always on the outside
of waiting you know there was oh look at
the launching block not quite ready to
run but any minute now it's gonna get
legal yeah exactly I mean you know
they're they're lying in wait with
fields like acreage that no one can ever
come close to probably right yeah I mean
that the the thing I heard maybe like
five years ago before it was legal in
Denver or was a bit longer than that
before we got legalization here that you
know companies like Philip Morris and
and you know companies like that we're
already buying land and already
trademarking names yeah you know for
some of the cannabis that we know today
so that when they come into the game you
know they have ownership on some of the
names and some of the brands and
trademarks and stuff like that to that
and obviously the acreage to you know
grow vast sums of cannabis yeah you know
who knows how true that is but I don't
doubt some of that I don't doubt it
either the sneaky shit was Ohio Ohio was
they were trying to make it legal but if
they were gonna make it legal there was
only like it was like two companies that
will change from law I think like for
but I I think that is how it would yeah
they were the only ones gonna be allowed
to grow it and sell it for fuck yeah
monopolies that is not legal weed that
is you being a cunt
that's monopoly yeah and it's crazy you
know yeah because you know you had like
people that got those licenses or
permits or whatever that had no
knowledge on the cannabis culture or or
business how to cultivate and and how to
run retail stores or any of that they
didn't have any of that knowledge and
you know they'll usually give it to an
insider because they know how much money
they stand to me that's like if there
was just one distribution center right
and everybody has to go through that
distribution center how much money does
that distribution center make because
you got to pay for your shit to go there
and then you know who knows if it well
you know if it passes because you know
as a cultivator what you did
so you
no it'll pass cuz it's clean but you
still got to pay that fee every time and
it's got to go through them fortunately
here in California you know they allowed
people to have distribution licenses so
that there's not one distribution center
because that would be a monopoly for
sure and that's what they wanted to
supposedly you know the lobbyists that
put 64 together we're trying to stop it
from being a monopoly and corporations
coming in and taking over and stuff like
that you know so interesting because pot
is such a non corporate drug you know
such a non corporate thing that these
corporations were trying to get a grip
yeah on weed it's just it seemed it
seemed obscene you know it seemed it
seemed disgusting yeah it's it's a
little out of place you know a lot out
of place right yeah you know because you
you think about where it comes from and
it's been outlaw for so long it's kind
of like you know the way out
alcohol was for so long wait longer than
outfit but it's demonized longer yes
yeah and now you know you have people
trying to come in and throw money into
it and they got you know and some of
these guys don't realize it's it's not
just about the money into it you got to
do the diligence on what this business
is you can't cut corners on the
cultivation you know you can't cut
corners on quality because people you
know they're there there's more
information out there yeah you know so
people know you even if they're not a
connoisseur as a consumer you know they
can they can read about shit they can
learn about stuff so if you're getting
over on them or if you're putting some
shit quality product out there I mean
people are gonna know and and all that
money that these guys put into to trying
to get into the cannabis business
they're just throwing it into the fire
yeah some of them will come out of it
you know they'll partner up with brands
that exist in people that have knowledge
but you know it's it's the corporations
that come in in the next five years it's
gonna be it's gonna be interesting
because I do think that it's
set up for them to come in the taxes are
so high right now for the consumer and
for the cultivator and for the retail
shop that you got to survive this wash
right now that's happening in order to
still be you know doing business when
the corporate structure comes in because
please believe they're gonna lobby so
that those taxes come down because the
margins are not right you know as a 40%
tax is that what it is now it was 39 in
Denver right yeah but in here in
California it's you know 40% into the
consumer the consumers like who gives a
fuck if I could just pull in and get
some weed ray should give a fuck they
should but in comparison to alcohol like
how much it cost if you go out for a
night for some drinks
that cost way more you get high for a
month yeah what it takes to get pretty
much a few drinks in a night it
depending where you go those fucking
drinks are even doubled yeah yeah and
with less alcohol well the other thing
is that these companies they don't
understand the culture it's a different
culture you can't bullshit us you can't
bullshit us with marketing and
advertising to work you can't have like
the most interesting man in the world
selling weed steady state thirsty my
friends not that now that ain't gonna
work you got to get somebody like
Michael Phelps I would buy weed from
Michael Phelps how funny was it that he
got in trouble for that you know what I
find it funny is how you know they put
these stereotypes on stoners for so long
like that we're lazy and productive and
all that stuff this guy is one of the
most decorated Olympians in the history
you know I mean what does he got like 15
gold fucking subtly preposterous yeah
mr. big lungs that's what we call him
mr. big lungs I probably could take a
rip on a bomb think about it my god
making shit right here probably crazy
capacity there it is probably snap a to
grand boldest who was the person who
ratted him out some low kid some yeah
derp little dickhead
what a piece of shit yeah imagine is
going to a party trying to have a good
time some kids there with his phone he
that social network for you though they
want to go viral so they'll get you in
that moment where you know you're
supposed to be a friend but that was
like before all out of that shit was
happening like what year was that let's
guess what gear was that 12 mm oh well
before yeah before let's just say before
you know Instagram kicked off but it was
still YouTube and Twitter yeah you know
if you wanted to put somebody on blast
or you wanted to have a viral video
YouTube has been there for a long time
yeah
Twitter was like 2007 right well I
believe so yeah yeah I think when was
Michael when was it Michael Phelps when
did he get in trouble I'm looking it's I
I'm seeing different stuff so I saw a
picture of it on YouTube from 2009 so
that means it would have been in 2008
Olympics but oh that seemed that make
sense like it was a long time ago yeah
that makes sense though cuz he came back
right yeah he retired and he came back
well I think he was suspended I think it
suspended 2009 is when he got caught and
then and then he had to you know do the
suspension and he came back and got some
more medals like haha fuck you right I
love that was he suspended because of
the weed yeah well you know hey listen
on on Oh in a lot of places it's still
on a banned substance list oh yeah Texas
Texas is real bad February 2012 2009 he
was only 23 apologize an incident where
he's caught on camera the party smoking
a bomb that was allegedly marijuana you
know he shouldn't have apologized for I
had to have apologized for that thing is
that they have those guys bent over a
box because they're all just trying to
get that sponsorship money right yes
yeah you have to be squeaky clean if you
want to be on the Wheaties box yeah if
you're in Olympian yeah they're not
gonna put Cypress Hill on the Wheaties
boxes Jesse hadn't that be great though
but take the th out out of E and then
put a D and IES then let's go Wheaties
yeah I don't know man you guys wear it
so far ahead of the curve though you
know I mean you you were you had weed
songs like when like what year that was
the first album was in 91 and we started
writing for that album probably uh four
years prior Wow and you know the weed
songs those came about because we were
weed heads you know we just fucking
let's be ourselves right a different
thing no four people that were were fans
because uh I when I was listening to you
I was just getting ready to move from
Boston to New York and back then you
would hear about new hip hop bands from
like friends yeah like you know like
yeah sure I would hear about it like
somebody that I I think somebody I
worked out with had it and I was like
what the fuck is this and then like
that's Cypress Hill is a damn and we
were trying to be different you know not
sound like a typical West Coast you know
group right there's a lot of a lot of
West Coast groups at that point you know
what the labels we're looking for were
NWA you know types and you know things
like that like either you know gangster
west coast gangsta rap they were looking
for that or either the the kid frost
Chicano type yeah and we didn't want to
do that we don't want to foothold
ourselves like that you know mugs being
from New York he wanted to sort of blend
both worlds right so you know we went
with with the East Coast type sound with
LA you know type of slang mixed with
with East Coast slang and so people you
know they were like we're fucking these
guys from and people thought were from
Cypress Hill New York because there's a
Cypress Hill down there and you know
people just didn't really know at first
because we were one of the first groups
that didn't put our images on any of our
first you know any of our singles or our
art covers we never did like the the
shots like you know that that we're
existing at that time were it's a clean
shot of the group or the artist or
whatever we were always on some you know
cuz we were metalheads too you know
before the hip hop we like the obscure
metal album so we didn't we were like
we're not gonna put ourselves on the
covers we're just gonna do these crazy
obscure covers and make people you know
try to guess who we are be mysterious
we talk about longevity I mean you guys
you guys been around a long fucking time
craze dropped off at all it's crazy you
know um we we didn't expect it we didn't
know how long a run would be we just
kept working you know we always had a
strong work ethic we were never the
types just to sit around we're always
doing something you know mugs is always
making beats you know I'm always riding
to something I'm always into one project
or another so it's it was always just
about keeping busy and that that suited
as well it's crazy
28 years later still banging it it's
crazy what you say yeah again you guys
never dropped off for a second not once
you were always there so you have to be
consistent in hip-hop you know in music
in general especially like if if there's
a time where radio stops playing your
music or you know as MTV stopped playing
music videos and they went for more
reality show type programming you got
you got a stick out there so for us it
was you know constantly doing shows we
didn't put out as many albums as we
could have but we thought less was more
you know instead of like driving the
music into your heart like a steak or
something like that we'd just you know
let everything breathe for a while and
there was there was a time where you
know we sort of let go of doing
everything it was like a six-year period
where we just kind of took off we we
didn't we weren't away completely we're
still doing like sporadic shows here and
there to keep up the profile but we
weren't like touring and working on
music I was off fucking around
competing in paintball tournament secret
oh man yeah I had a team called stoned
assassins and and it was competitive
paintball at the time I was you know
training martial arts as I've done
throughout my life and I was also
playing competitive paintball martial
arts we doing Shotokan I started off
with Taekwondo and I got sort of I mean
it's it's like it was uh it was the dojo
was cool you know and and I was
progressing
quickly but I sort of fell out with the
master there with the seafloor whatever
I can't remember him yeah and one of my
partners who I grew up with who was one
of my partners in our dr. greenthumb
Brandon whatever his father was a was a
you know sensei and his sensei and
became my sensei I went from Taekwondo
to Shotokan and I started training with
him I mean he had been in the dojo since
he was five years old
training with his father so you know I
came into that it took it took a little
bit of convincing for me to go from one
thing to another because it's such a
different style hmm
but you know I adapted to it and I liked
it and it was very different less flash
but his very disciplined and his father
you know his you know born in Japan
raised out there and he he you know
there there she is kind of different
they go to to to martial arts
universities and they get degrees in
different martial arts so they can go
and take like okay Hapkido and jujitsu
and Shotokan and all this and you know
get their their degrees you know they
worked their way up in the belt system
and all that stuff but they become
teachers through through that University
I guess I'm fascinated and yeah his his
father was one of the guys in one of the
Federation's that he's one of the three
or four sensei's that have to come in
and give you the black belt when you
actually get it ah yeah it what was it
SK FA or something like I got you know
just gun yeah something like that yeah
so you could imagine when lyoto machida
came on the scene you know we were like
yeah someone representing the style that
you know we were training under it he
had a lot of people got excited when he
came about he was sort of the first guy
to legitimize karate in the modern era
of mixed martial arts you showed like if
you could do all those other things if
you could stuff takedowns and you you
knew submissions and all those things on
top of that you could live yeah you
could and you could do it in a weird way
that people didn't really understand its
timing yeah
a wonderboy Thompson similar to that -
it's got a weird timing weird timing
it's it's you know and then the faints
with the hips he was good with that shit
like you know he he would throw people
off with that and you know we I just
happened to go see his fight against
Rashad Evans oh shit and man I mean it
surprised all of us I mean we thought he
would win but we didn't know he would
win in that fashion I mean yeah he was
something special yeah you know I mean
and he's doing he's over at Bellator now
right with his brother his brother Qin's
owes been uh over there for a while his
brother though I think his brothers a
bantamweight or featherweight one of
those but yeah that the I think it's
good to go from Taekwondo to other
styles because Taekwondo gives you a lot
of dexterity you move your legs easily
yes absolutely it's a good foundation
yeah it's a good way to start off it for
little kids to they get sure that
doesn't you know it's not a lot of head
contact there's no coordination yeah
yeah and then when you learn if you
learn if you really actually want to
fight you want to learn more Thai and
all those other things you have way
quicker legs yeah just move better yeah
for me you know I was never good with
all those flashy kick kicks like that so
you know big dude yeah I was harder for
me Taekwondo like the Shotokan was
definitely hard but it was more suited
for someone less hard style shoulder
comes hard it is and he you know he when
he was training us he would not like let
up his ego be reals here let me go light
on him nah everything I did like you
know that that I did outside of music
when I try like for instance paintball
when it went into paintball there was a
price on my head every game everybody
wanted to give me extra shots core so
like if I got hit well I'm walking out I
would get 10 20 extra paintballs to my
back oh you know and we'd give it right
back to them you know in the very next
game when we played them guys again we
were making sure to give them that right
back you got deep into this oh yeah I
was man it's addicting man I got to tell
you if there's any physical activity
that is addicting it is paintball cuz
it's chess with guns yeah because it's
so fast and so close and you got to
think of a strategy you know it's not
all shooting straight way it's all
shooting angles and getting your guys to
positions to get those guys out to keep
moving up to get their flag wipe them
out and bring the flag back now other
restrictions on power like the PR the
guns yeah yeah I believe you can't shoot
above 300 psi I think it's I think it's
a the the highest you can shoot is maybe
to 85 to 90 at least at the time if you
go balls-out if you wanted to get the
ultimate paintball gun what is that oh
man it's it's it's hard because we were
using different guns at the time that's
because it's it's like each year a
better gun comes out the technology gets
better so you know we were using at
first when we started these these guns
called angels and then we went over into
these other guns fuck I can't remember
the name of them but they were light I
mean the best thing is to have a light
gun with with the trigger that you can
fancy because that's technique to get it
to shoot like a like a Uzi right you're
not supposed to be able to pull the
trigger and multiple balls come out with
one pull it's supposed to be that the
the the gun shoots as fast as your two
fingers or three can toggle so if you
get a rhythm you could shoot that thing
like a fucking Uzi you know and
everybody has a different position
you know like mine I was like one of the
quarterbacks which is the last three on
the line see it's like a football field
right you got the 50 and there's
obstacles at the 50 and in between and
it's mirrored on the other side the
quarterbacks play the back and they
shoot a whole bunch of paint so that the
other guys that are the front and mid
guys can get into these different
positions to shoot the other guys out so
the guys in the back we're shooting the
most paint so you have to use that
Fanning style so using three fingers
three fingers because the the trigger
where you're where the the base where
you're pulling the trigger you can fit
three fingers there yeah it's really for
two but you could fit three yeah this
this was our team right here we were
always pretty stoned when we're playing
did that help yeah the the the the
furthest we were we took third place in
one tournament Wow you guys so this is
crazy like you guys off these barriers
and these are all blow up barriers right
here it's like a football field yeah
that that's what they would replicate
like a football soccer field and you
know you put all the these these
obstacles up these blowup obstacles and
they're all just positions to try to
take to get a better angle on the other
side and what's the what's the ultimate
goal to take everybody out it's uh you
get points for taking the other side out
but you get the maximum points getting
their flag and bringing it back to
yourself and you know you get points for
how many guys on your side that are
still alive so you know you would get a
hundred percent if all seven of your
guys were alive you killed all them and
brought their flag that ever happened oh
yeah
damn who are you planned you know you
guys crawling around the thing about
paintball right is that let's just say
there's six tiers right there's the pros
there's the semi-pros there's the
amateurs there's the novice there's the
rookie and each each each tier had at
least 200 teams competing in this Wow
per tournament and these guys back in
that time I don't know how how it is now
cuz I haven't competed in a long time
but they would do five tournaments a
year one would be in Huntington Beach
the biggest one and it was awesome they
would throw it you know right next to a
surfing tournament so like it would just
be cross people crossing up watching the
surfers and then come and watching the
paintball then it would hit - you know
Boston and Florida and Las Vegas and one
other one other place I can't remember
but we would do these tournaments I was
doing them for like four or five years
and the guy before me that was the the
ambassador was one of the one of the Bee
Gees one of the Bee Gees the one who
passed away first Barry Gibb was it
Barry no he's the one that always wears
a hat
he was the shorter one so he was a
paintball he was a paintball fiend like
myself if he owned a store he had a team
I think it was based out of four out of
Miami and he would compete up until when
he passed away he was like the
ambassador
and there is yeah I came in and took his
spot when Rhys yeah Maurice Maurice Gibb
that's crazy I had no idea yeah wow you
guys are armored the fuck up huh yeah
these things must sting oh man
I mean I'd leave with at least 20
paintball bruises you know / you know in
one one sitting and you know you look
like a leopard coming coming off after
that you know who else was a big
paintball enthusiast was William Shatner
really yeah he would hold these crazy
tournaments like in Trekkie style where
it's a scenario game meaning that okay
here's the castle I'm gonna be in the
castle right here you guys got it siege
the castle and if you guys can come get
me out of here you guys win this round
and they would sit through the three
days they'd set up different scenarios
like there you go see I would have never
guessed but how does he run he can't run
well no he doesn't run they they put him
in a central place in he'll shoot
sometimes he would go out there but so
he would just stay put yeah he would
stay put
you would have to protect him that's my
old man paintball he would fight to him
he would fight to but he would he would
you know they would be trying to protect
him oh that's so crazy
yeah Wow and uh I mean there's a bunch
of celebrities that dip paint bald man
Will Smith was paintballing before he
did I Robot really he did that he came
down to the park where we would practice
that we played with him and his team but
it was a scenario game Joaquin Phoenix
we Mekhi Phifer I mean be surprised how
many what looks like fun I guess I
shouldn't be surprised you let off steam
yeah how many people on a team on a
competition team you have you have
eleven for the roster and seven play at
a time and you can you know switch guys
out but now it's different now they do
like five men and three men teams I
don't know anything about the new style
but you know they they constantly call
me back because I'm in better shape than
I was when I played I was a little bit
heavier than that's why I was that
quarterback you know it wasn't running
too fast
but you know that they always hit me man
I'll always get hit on my DM on IG or
Twitter like hey man when you coming
back to the paper feeling like when I
get time which is probably never but it
seems like a big time suck loved it man
I'd love to play in the game it was so
addicting it was hard to pull away from
it
I would even at times be coming home
from from a tour straight into a
tournament like I'd get off the plane
I'd have somebody have my paintball shit
ready and boom straight to the
tournament I can't tell you how many
times I was doing yeah it's fucking
crazy
it's it's funny when things get in your
blood right they get in your bones yeah
that got in my blood like martial arts
did cuz I was always like an enthusiast
like you know for a long time you know
and when I finally started training I
was training like seven days a week man
I wouldn't give myself any time off cuz
I wanted to learn fast and I wanted to
absorb it you know did you ever fuck
would you just say no idea I always
wanted to but I never did
I kept I thought about it and I come on
down tenth planet management right in I
think I will you know like a lot of
people have asked me and invited me
because they know you know I'm a UFC Fan
I'm a mixed martial arts fan I'm a
boxing fan you know all that shit I'd
you know a couple of my cousins are well
one of them was a champion professional
boxer which was Michael carbajal and his
nephew was your cousin yes ma'am I meant
might go mm-hmm I met him one day at the
Comedy Store
yeah a long time ago man yeah when he
was uh when he was a chap he was a beast
he was a beast and his nephew is now now
boxing Keenan carbo
oh cool so yeah you know we're rooting
for family right there from Arizona
right yeah from a-z yeah yeah yeah so
yeah I've been invited to you know come
fuck with some jujitsu and and I think
you know I think I will cuz I mean you
gotta know it I think I think you you
know it's something that would benefit
anyone from to know that yeah but you
don't actually you know get in a fight
and have to hurt somebody bad or they
hurt you you know saying yeah just choke
him just choke him up I saw Everlast
choke some guy out one night yeah and it
was the fucking because you know he he
fucks around a little bit you know he
knows people that teach jiu-jitsu and
they've taught him a couple things and
we're at the rainbow one night where we
were holding court just smoking like
it's Amsterdam down there and we were
having a conversation and he kept here
and some dude across the cross a couple
tables over kept sin Everlast this
Everlast that and he beats yo money say
my name one more time and he goes
Everlast
and he went back to talking to his
people cuz he didn't dick ever lasses
could come up and dude nothing ever
lasts when walked over to this table
looked to his face turned him around
real quick and started choking this fuck
see my name again muddy say man it was
it was hilarious but yeah man
10th planet is downtown right near were
your places yeah yeah so your studio
your your setup that's that's real close
to ten plan jujitsu yeah man just let me
know so I will you gotta avoid any flat
earth conversations to come up all right
you know I'll get yours and keep moving
I get those from I get those from time
to time you know I gotta stay the fuck
off of YouTube man man yeah they get
confused yeah that's it that's the
craziest shit because I always argue
like this about the flat earth right so
hey listen if we got a flat earth
there's an edge right and there's always
thrill-seekers looking to do something
thrilling and there's always a thrill
seeker that fucks up and falls right off
of that edge right so how many
motherfuckers would be fallin off the
edge of the earth if we really add Wow
for sure you know there would be
climbers there'd be a bunch of dudes who
would try to hang off the edge of take
selfies think about it right 12 people
this year have died at the Grand Canyon
that's the Grand Canyon who is that
really that many that many so far in
this year and some people died of a
heart attack there because you know it's
too much for them to be
that little bridge that they have there
that it extends past the edge of a
canyon they they put in a little bridge
way so that you can go and look down
you'll have heart attacks and people
have had heart attacks from that but the
other guys are the ones trying to do
selfies falling off fucking bridge in
plummeting right
so you got to think man if we had if we
had a flat earth how many people would
be visiting the edge taking a selfie bet
there's no no come on no doubt there'd
be teams of people teams they would
travel to Flat Earth and they would they
would like rope we'd apparently like
Alex Honnold would probably try to climb
off the side we'd hear it on the news
another person has died from falling off
the edge of the earth yeah it would be a
hundred percent Oh that'd be our hundred
people tell you though that the
government guards that yeah nah right
yeah you can't go too near it bro
yeah battleships well there wouldn't be
just one edge though right that's true
they didn't think that through
yeah no there'd be several edges if
we're flat yeah but see you gotta have
that YouTube mentality you got to put
your head in a little box leave it in
there yeah I could turn the oven box on
and stick your head in it government's
blocking the edge man you can't get near
it
yeah well it's like we're living in a
dome mmm you know that's that's the
other one yeah the dome the dome theory
yeah there's no space space is fake
people want to believe in some crazy
shit you know I wonder how much of them
are stoners like most of them right how
many of them are micro dosing okay yeah
probably you know cuz cuz that's a thing
now everybody's like fucking micro
dosing right now and it's not bad for
you they say it's actually you know kind
of good for you but Ron White's doing it
but on white micro doses psilocybin
never felt better in my life and they
like to talk when they're microdose yeah
yeah especially psilocybin you just have
these ideas that's the thing you have
ideas in your mind becomes open to shit
that normally you know you're closed off
to obviously you know you
but you know I think they think that the
earth is a disc I think that's what I've
heard recently they think it's a disc a
disc some sort of a floating disc you
and then we live in the firmament or
something like that it's like some sort
of a cover over the top of the disc and
that's what the here it is
what is this Jamie it's the case the
crews next year that they are yeah oh my
god yes eventually they're gonna get to
the fucking glaciers in the Lord told
you the wall the Flat Earth
I hope they jump out they eaten by polar
bears that's the funniest shit I have to
use like GPS to get around so you know
how many scientists do they have on
their side all of them that's the funny
issue no it's fucking ridiculous there's
there's there's gigantic satellites that
take huge high-resolution photos of the
earth every 10 seconds the orbit from
thousands of miles out those are
doctored yeah it's just the whole thing
is so fucking stupid
all the shit to believe in like to
invest any energy in that like why would
someone lie about the shape of the earth
that's the dumbest blurt about you want
to know what I think is is before the
Internet in all these different
platforms where you can get information
they you know our government and other
governments could debunk any information
on UFOs anything because they you know
there wasn't like the wide communication
that exists now right so I think now
they put in people who are saying this
crazy wild way out shit so that people
are that are really trying to expose
truth on certain things they get look at
as whack jobs like the rest of those
that are trying to say oh well Flat
Earth or we're on a disk or we're in a
globe or blah blah you government spying
on you they'll throw all that together
yeah if it is spying on you yeah if they
are that is for sure
no they really are that it's it's you
know since George Bush jr. was president
they've been listening to our phone
calls I mean that's a fact I mean that
was one of the the things they enacted
with the Homeland Security that they can
record every American's call
and you know whatever conversation
mentioned certain keywords as we were
saying earlier they would you know they
would get shuffled off to a certain
Department and those guys were red
flagged and looked at and that still
happens today to still to this day you
don't need a warrant you just listen I
mean I'll tell you this right there was
I've been traveling what 20 20-some odd
years at this point where when I when I
was coming back into to the United
States for a long time I would not get
randomly checked or anything like that
they just let us go by and I made a few
posts somewhere you know with an
abundant amount of cannabis right and
right after that at post each time I
came back into the United States they
send me in the secondary for a search
and I started asking like hey um been
traveling for X amount of years now
every I've noticed that the last four
times that have come back from another
country you guys are randomly you know
check-in my bags now what's the deal in
my red-flagged what's going on with my
passport um well you know where I'm not
really allowed to tell you this but I
mean have you been
what kind of postings have you made on
your social networks really yeah and I
said okay say no more
and I renew what it was because I had
put like you know a post with like four
or five six pounds in it what is five
pounds of weed it's a lot though right
that's like giant pillows yeah so you
know right then and there I knew you
know from that reaction that he had that
anybody with any sort of that's involved
in entertainment music athlete you know
whatever actor/actress they're watching
all of our shit all for sure they're
listening and they're watching so
especially someone like you who's been
at the forefront of pushing cannabis
legalization and always talked about it
openly flagrantly even when it was a
Schedule one substance oh yeah
everywhere you know yeah did you get a
medical card
we're the the year that it was available
the first year it was available was that
like 95 or something 94 yeah they got my
from from doctor item and he was like
one of the dr. Adelman hooked me up to a
lot of a song I should go to him even
when it was way more expensive because
I'm like yeah oh gee yeah hey bro he
like he told me he goes my god cuz cuz I
died lost track of him for a minute you
know and when I went back to get a
renewal some years back and he's Lois
you've been with me a long time I mean
is it what it looks like is that your
patient number four number four on his
first he keeps a list of all his
patients I guess you know and apparently
I was number four yeah even though there
was doctors out here I'd always go
travel to see him in Hollywood just out
of respect yeah and he was how these he
had like og stoners in the waiting room
oh yes people that were just like barely
holding on to reality oh yeah
he had he had all sorts he had the
hippies he had the new you know new gens
hip-hop people I had vitamin drips and
shit - all kinds of weird stuff in his
office yeah he would yeah he would try
to sell you on some some different
technology anytime you can this will
help you stop smoking cigarettes well I
don't smoke cigarette like a thing they
put on your ear electrode yeah they gave
one the red band didn't work yeah you
know you got to try something right yeah
it was like a battery powered thing
right give a little charge to your ear
that's how I was supposed to stop you
from smoking cigarettes like ya tinkin I
didn't smoke cigarettes those little
smoke cigarettes did you ever get your
lungs checked out from all those years
of weed smoking yeah I mean I've you
know I get physicals and stuff like that
and uh you know occasionally I'll have
my lungs checked and they tell me
they're great isn't that amazing it's
crazy you know because I think if if you
keep active you know like you train in
and a lot of us train now like oh this
generation they're not like lazy stoners
and don't just yeah sit back and do
nothing they're still are those but you
know III don't think it has the same
carcinogens is you
no people expected you know like
cigarette it does and so you know you
might look at someone's lungs who smoke
cigarettes and and you might see
something there and like hey you need to
you know slow the fuck down over here
but in in every time that I've had my
lungs checked or whatever for whatever
weather I've you know gotten sick or
whatever they're always telling me lungs
are in good shape and it's a funny thing
because you know in they can 1987 you
know I was 17 and I was gang banging I
got shot and you know that I got hit by
a 22 and in it as hollow-points do it it
it broke into three three pieces the
hollow-point and one of them from
punctured my lung on my left side and
you know they were telling me well you
know do you smoke now I don't really
smoke because I didn't smoke cigarettes
I smoked weed but I wasn't gonna divulge
that at the time I was 17 and you know
and they said well you know well that's
good cuz you'll never smoke again they
punctured your lung and blah blah blah
they thought I was gonna have to work
off one lung but in the three days you
know they were able to get the blood out
of the lung and I was able to get it
back you know through the exercises they
told me you know to get it back to its
regular size and I've never had a
problem since then knock on it take the
piece of metal out no I still got the
three pieces that's like when I go do my
physicals and they do that you know the
MRI the MRIs in the x-rays and all that
the doctors you know sometimes they
forget because they see so many patients
mr. freeze um these appeared to be
bullet fragments look what is that well
you just said a doctor bullet Frank
you've seen him a dozen times you know
and yeah I was very lucky I was very
lucky because you know punctured my lung
and then two of the pieces one was by
the heart one was by my spine but I was
at Martin Luther King Hospital in
Linwood and we call that place killer
King because you
in there for something small and end up
dying or come out you know gimped out or
something
so you know I wasn't gonna allow them to
try and get to those bullets or those
fragments so open you up yeah no no no
you know they didn't have a great
success rate
what kind of lung exercise they give you
pump your lungs but they give you this
breathing apparatus that has like a ball
in it right and it has two lines and you
know this it's that the first line
you're trying to they're telling you
every day for five minutes to ten
minutes to blow that you know not all in
one shot but like to keep practicing
getting the ball up there and that will
in help inflate the lung and get it back
so I had to do that for probably like
three weeks and you know the puncture
wound it healed itself pretty much and
and the pieces are still in your lung
not in the lucknow it's it went past the
lung it did shot passed along so you
know it's uh I got a piece up here and
one on side in the back well when it's
really cold due to the the nerve damage
I'll get like stinging like you know
like when you're when your hand falls
asleep the little needles though yeah
I'll get that here and then and then
back here where it entered they had that
they had to cut right in between a rib
here to stick the tube in to put the the
hose into the lung to get the blood out
of the lung damn yeah I was you know I
was living crazy before I got into the
music the music saved my life pretty
much really yeah how long were you gang
banging for some years you know I
started I started young I was probably
13 years old whoa came banging in and I
got out of it probably I didn't
necessarily get out but I changed up
what I was doing cuz you don't ever
really get out per se unless they jump
you out and you know I was too into it
to be jumped out like that you know what
I mean that wasn't something I was gonna
do because you know for as negative as
it was it taught me a lot so
my boys that I you know ran with they
understood I was trying to do something
different you know I made a choice to
try the music and and leave that shit
alone because there there was no way
that you do both he if you do both you
see the results of that what's happening
today with a lot of cats you not I mean
they try to ride the line be
professional and be in the music but
they're still kind of in this world over
here and when it bleeds in one bleeds
into the other it you know it fucks
everything up you know and so I chose
you know I was gonna do music and just
talk about those life experiences and
whatnot and I was probably at 18 that I
started taking on the music and that's
that's where it went you know like when
you said you learned a lot from it like
what did you learn from it well you know
your street you know there's there's
common sense and then there's common
sense on the streets and then there's
being aware and looking out and you know
not being a doormat and just it's it's a
whole different type of schooling when
you're gang banging you know that's the
way you carry yourself the way you
communicate with someone and know
whether they're disrespecting you or not
and how you deal with that disrespect
which is you know a whole different
world in the gang bang shit but it's uh
it's a different kind of education you
know I wouldn't I wouldn't take it back
some of the things I would you know I
definitely regretted while I was doing
it for sure but it made me see things
from from a different perspective you
know and and why you know things are the
way they are in gangs and stuff like
that from lack lack of opportunities you
know for these kids to be doing
something you know cuz not everybody's
good at sports you know but there has to
be other opportunities other that other
than that to get kids interested in
doing something else because falling
into the gangs it's it's easy if you
don't have a good home life at home the
guys on the street are your second
family and they eventually become your
first family you know what I mean and if
you
have a father-figure at home one of the
guys in the gang you know becomes your
mentor he could become like the guy you
look up to as like your father figure
you know there's that and you know again
there's not enough programs out there to
keep people into doing something
different than falling into that and
then sometimes you know it just it's a
matter of you know you growing up in
this neighborhood if you have to walk
down that Street and they approach you
and say hey you live in this hood you
got to be with us if you don't we're
gonna make it hard for you so there's
that peer pressure and then there's the
legacy shit
like so if my father was a gangster in
this gang and he still lives in this
neighborhood
pressures on for me eventually to take
up where father left off hmm you know
and it's it's all those things and then
some people just start thrill-seekers
and they choose it you have nothing you
know in common with none of that they
just choose it for some people too it's
so appealing to have somewhere that you
belong right in and that's the thing
because if you don't feel like you you
belong in your school or you don't
belong with your in your family and in
that that she can totally take hold and
and you end up there you know
fortunately I had good friends there
weren't gangbangers you know that they
had talent for music which was mugs and
sin and since brother Melo you know they
were you know I did music as a hobby you
know before I got in gangs and they got
me back into the music because they
recognized something in me and said hey
we want you to come back work we got
these opportunities over here come join
us did you always have that style no I
didn't when did you develop that what
once we started working on our Cypress
Hill demos mugs came to me and said hey
man you gotta do something gotta do
something different otherwise you're
gonna write for sin cos sin had a good
voice his shit was locked in my voice I
was rapping in a voice similar to the
one I talked in and although the rhymes
were good it didn't cut through on the
style like on you know on the beats it
just sounded like you know some regular
shit
so you know I don't want to be someone's
writer you know I wanted to write for
myself so you know there was a guy that
we used to listen to coming up was name
was RAM LZ he was on this record called
wild style and he was in the movie he
was this rapper who is very obscure but
he was artists too you know like a
graffiti artist but then also an artist
artist you know but he was also a rapper
and what he would do is he'd rap in a
regular style like his talking voice
this is the brother they called the rap
battle he had a deep voice like that and
then he would flip right in the middle
take it up town to Cypress Hill with the
shotgun bow like that and you know we
were always freaking out on that he had
two styles so I tried throwing my voice
in that sort of similar style and it
ended up sticking I didn't really like I
didn't think anybody was gonna like it I
thought that get the fuck out of here
with that but they ended up liking it
and I think the first song that came
about in that style was the song real
estate off our first album it's uh you
know that was where I tried it the first
time they liked it so then kill a man
came next and I tried that song and
that's down and hand on the pump and it
just became a flow after that and I
really did not feel it at first I was
like fuck I can't believe they got me
rapping in this voice and it took it
took a minute to get used to that you
know like doing it live because you know
I had a tendency we as rappers you know
that don't know cuz there's no school
for this unless you have somebody who's
done it and they teach you okay this is
what the get-down is and we didn't have
that really it was all hands-on learning
I know for the first few years man I was
trying to do the voice and I'd end up
you know getting over hyped because the
crowd is hype and I'd start yelling the
verses instead of like rapping them like
on the record I'd throw my voice out my
voice would get scratchy I'd be sounding
like Busta Rhymes and shit you know
and it took me five years to actually
harness how to actually do the shows
with this voice and I had to go to this
opera singer coach really the name was
something Elizabeth Sabine or something
like that she trained a lot of folks but
she her shit was like to teach you the
operatic way of singing which is from
the diaphragm tighten the stomach take
little breaths but those little breaths
make your lungs expand you know a lot
and it's less projection from your
throat and more from the bottom and she
taught me that technique and I never
went hoarse again after that I like with
you know people often compliment me on
you know sounding so close to how the
records are there's once in a while
where I might get excited and start
saying it louder than it might be but
I'm always sort of right there and I got
it you know I got to give all props to
her cause if she hadn't showed me that
technique I'd probably still be yelling
and screaming my shit out locking up my
voice yeah that brings up an interesting
point is this her yeah way let me hear
citko we can't play this on youtube and
she was and she was the opera singer at
one time Wow but she went on to teach
people the technique no kidding man that
is why see because if you try to keep
your breath and sustain a long note like
that from your chest
you won't sustain that note long enough
but if you tighten doing it from your
diaphragm yeah if you tighten up it's
almost like you're gonna take a shit
[Music]
Oh instead of from the throat that makes
sense yeah you know like it it allows
you it allows your lungs to expand while
you're breathing
mm through from your diaphragm so that's
what she taught a lot of singers and
it's a another method is to cheat the
word like pronounce it you know like
you're kind of like it's it's like what
these mumble rappers do when they they
pronounce the word and they kind of
mumble it and they sort of cheat it you
know what the word is but they didn't
pronounce it all the way right so so in
other words if she's gonna you were
gonna sing the line come he come with me
so it sounds a little bit cleaner he'd
say gum with me but in the way you would
say it is more with the G but it's so
talked in that you here come with me and
it's just a cheating way of saying it to
get the line a little bit cleaner and in
fucking uh you know in the breath and
she taught me all that shit and and it
worked for rap I didn't know if it would
because I mean it was it's she primarily
taught singers I was probably the first
rapper that she taught this technique to
and it stuck how did you find her um
what am one of my friends had heard of
her you know because I mean in the in
the industry we you know become friends
with other you know your peers and stuff
like that and you know I knew a couple
singers and they'd they they were you
know noting my problem is just you know
screaming my verses and coming back with
the raspy voice so they were like here
why don't you try this person right here
this person taught or or gave this
technique to so-and-so and it was
another singer I can't remember but um I
thought well you know what have I got to
lose I mean if it doesn't work it
doesn't work but maybe I learned
something from it that I could use
somewhere else right and fuck she she
taught me the the warm-up she taught me
uh you know the certain words that you
can cheat to you know for for certain
breath control purposes because the way
you pronounce certain things you know
sort of add to
and just that the tightening of the
diaphragm man like if I hadn't learned
that it would have took me a lot longer
to do the shows the way that I can do
them now
so do you warm up before shows I don't
necessarily need to like from the first
song on my voice like gets in like the
first few bars it warms up right then in
there
and it's not really like singing where I
got a sustained notes and stuff like
that so I don't have to do those same
kind of warm-ups if I was gonna sing
some shit yes I would definitely have to
get my you know get the pitch right and
the throat warmed up to to do those
different you know melodies or whatever
the hell but fortunately I don't sing
you know the whole rap world has always
been fascinating to me like how someone
gets in like how do you get started are
there open mics like what yeah back in
the day man that someone had to be the
guy endorsing you you know like saying
to you know these guys over here
a man listen to this these artists right
or this artist right here they're the
new shit they're gonna be the one and
then you would have to do a couple
showcases and stuff like that and you
know win some people over I mean we
definitely did our share of showcases in
the beginning but we were getting passed
on left and right because you know
people thought you know what are they
talking about with this cannabis shit
and we and we didn't sound like a West
Coast group you know because we're
trying to sell our shit to West Coast
labels here and they did not get us it
wasn't until you know mugs had had you
know he'd previously been in a group
called 73 and he had worked with these
guys called the rhyme syndicate which
was ice tea's guys so he kind of you
know he was the guy that people knew and
then send dogs brother Melo man ace
eventually would get in the door and so
people started hearing about us through
you know through more mugs than Melo
metal Melo didn't really do shit for us
you know all all truth told but mugs you
know they kept hearing about a group
that he was forming outside of 73 which
came to be Cypress Hill and so you know
the guys
that worked on him worked with him on
the 73 records which was Joe's Niccolo
of roughhouse records you know he wanted
to sign whatever mugs was doing and you
know he eventually ended up signing us
and they had a distribution deal with uh
with Sony Music so you know we you know
put out our records to rough house
Columbia or rough house Sony something
like that and that's how we got put on
you know and and again it had to be
word-of-mouth because if nobody heard it
you heard of you you had to have some
really fuckin dope music for them to
even like consider you if you didn't
have like someone back in you it was
tough you know you had to have someone
come speak on your behalf and say hey
these guys are the new new shit and and
fortunately for us once we put out our
snippet tape like when Sony put out our
snippet tape guys like EPMD right and
they were one of our favorite groups in
the world man over the top five for
Cypress orders you know Public Enemy
Beastie Boys EPMD yeah fuck they were
the shit and those were the guys that
took our snippet tape and they were
showing our snippet tape to other
rappers like hey guys look at these new
fuckin guys cuz you know bust a rhyme
told me this story yo I've ghost on our
just shit from EPMD way back in the day
and they was playing it for Public Enemy
and I just happened to be in the Bowman
wah and you know Ice Cube when we met
him for the first time you know and we
had our ups and downs with him but he's
one of my homies he told me yeah man the
first time I heard of y'all was through
EPMD they knew we was on tour was doing
the show and they can switch out taping
that's how I heard of y'all and and you
know that they were like our first
street team man fuckin EP our fame our
favorite one of our top three favorite
groups was out there like with our
snippet tape telling people hey these
guys are the new shit together they do
they do stuff occasionally but I think
they do more work you know individually
now I know Eric's sermon is putting out
a record right now he's just promoting
it on
on some radio show and uh I mean those
guys still acted stay active I mean he's
a producer so he's always making music
but as a rapper they don't I don't put
out as much stuff as they used to but
yeah they're still active you know who I
miss Kool G Rap Kool G Rap I still must
out ain't a lot of guys don't have a
style if he doesn't you know if he had
never come out so many people were
influenced by him yeah bad motherfuckers
a lot of people forgot about him a lot
of people forgot about him and he was
one of the baddest dudes I mean a lot of
people you know would talk about Big
Daddy Kane and Rakim chore but you
couldn't talk about them without talking
about Kool G Rap cuz he was like one of
those guys like spittin mad verses man
like his bar work was incredible yeah he
was incredible I still listen to it song
cock-blocking yeah every now and then
I'll throw that off and I got to tell
you you know like if you hear songs that
he does today he is still fuckin current
like he is he's still got that style
that cuts through like you know some of
the older artists they sort of lose the
style that and
people love and they don't know how to
transition into you know what their
style would be right now you know like
updating whatever that style is you know
a lot of a lot of the older artists had
troubles doing that you know but my man
coogee rap not a final Street Blues feel
he's still ill fantastic yeah yeah I
always got confused why he didn't get
bigger I didn't get it he's got so good
you know I think it was it was just the
wave that came after him you know it's
it's it's like he was such an
underground force and if you're an
underground force you know you had to
make a conscious decision whether okay
I'm gonna go main if I go mainstream I'm
gonna lose these hardcore fans I might
gain you know these mainstream fans but
how long are they gonna stay with me as
opposed to these core fans that you know
that they're but with his style he
couldn't just keep him because like I
thought he could I
guys captain brain you want to know
something I think it was due to um you
know the record company not wanting to
take the chance because as an artist you
want everybody to hear your shit right
you know for us we didn't play those
games we said fuck it you know if we
felt it was the right look for us we
were gonna take it you know no matter
what anybody thought you know and again
you face scrutiny for shit like that but
in the end you know if you didn't play
yourself people remember that you know
and we said fuck it we're gonna take our
music mainstream even though that was
not our intent you know we always meant
ourselves to be a more underground group
but insane and the brain didn't allow
that it propelled us you know so we were
like okay well we're gonna take our
underground asses up into this
mainstream and show them how we do it
and it it kicked the door open for a lot
of other underground acts to go into the
mainstream and we proved that if you do
it right and if you stay on your game
and if you keep working in and stay
present and put out quality music that
you can sustain those those mainstream
fans that you gained right there and the
core
yeah you guys sustained so well that
people covered your shit yeah like rage
that was awesome machine when they
covered pistol grip pump on my left at
all times holy shit one of my favorite
bands still a Rocha Jelena yeah that
that shit was awesome I mean he took a
totally different take on it but like a
cover but it was a cover but it was his
take yeah it was badass it was one of my
favorites man you know and it was an
honor to me because you know like I was
really good friends with them to begin
with I saw them come out the gate before
they exploded and became Rage Against
the Machine and so for them to cover one
of our songs we were like man fuck yeah
you know because they they they helped
us get better you know there was a lot
of groups that we look to it for
influence even if they were doing
different style of music like Public
Enemy wasn't influenced to us Rage
Against the Machine was an inspiration
to us to like push the envelope a little
bit more on what
we were doing not necessarily like how
they were cuz they had their own sound
just like we had our own sound so they
made us push you know in groups like
that made us better so when we heard
this guy fucking doing or this band
doing the cover and then they asked us
to come play this song which would be
their last night as Rage Against the
Machine for a long time this was like
their last show right here Wow we got to
do that with them that must have been
amazing I was wearing a dad hat before
dad hats were cool I will not wear one
right now I know what I was thinking
that fuck it it was a fun show man I
went into the mosh pit before that song
before they called us up for that song
for most of their set I was in the mosh
pit and there was you you us see a front
lineman down there record shop of the
monster I was in there with him they
were protected me I was like oh shit be
really open up like yeah we record shop
together it was it was awesome there's a
video of Dana White in the mosh pit once
I don't know what the fuck he was
thinking he must have been drunk he
jumped in the mosh pit like years ago
he's a big dude though he's a big dude
jumping around in there marching around
yeah I did it a girl got ko'd in the
mosh pit one man it's crazy man I used
to go into a lot of different mosh pits
there he's in the rage mosh pit yeah
most of it is safe but every now and
then and you run into a dickhead I'll
tell you man that the the craziest mosh
pits you know that I saw well the
craziest mosh pits I've gotten into
there was a limp Biskit mosh pit that
was crazy and but the craziest was was
the rage mosh pit but the ones that I
seen from outside of it not being in it
that were crazy was there was a
Soundgarden mosh pit there's a song
garden yeah at Lollapalooza early on it
was when they had Badmotorfinger out oh
man that fucking mosh pit was like a
whirlpool of chaos bro
I was loving it and I was on mushrooms
watching this shit so fucking amazing
and then and then a Slayer mosh pit man
there
fucking shit is brutal yeah that sounds
like there's just a pace of slayer it's
crazy but I got to tell you since
joining prophets of rage in us you know
when we tore your up and stuff like that
and we do a combination of you know Rage
Against the Machine songs probably
giving me insight for sale along with
our own material the mosh pits are
fucking crazy but you know there was one
one one thing that I saw that was not
brutal but it was cool as fuck and it
was in I think I believe it was Sweden
or Switzerland but there you know out of
like the the 60 70 thousand people that
were out there there was like maybe
5,000 concentrated people who sat down
on their ass right and we're like the
fuck are these people do it I don't know
like are they protesting ourself fuck is
going on right and what was crazy as you
know you you're not gonna stop playing
you just keep going so we start on on I
believe the song was guerrilla radio
that we were playing at at that point
all of a sudden we see him start doing
this the Rowan they were wrote it was
like a Viking row it was a fucking move
it was a move that the crowd was doing
so there's five five thousand people out
of the 30,000 that are sitting in you
know like next to each other lines rows
you know just fucking of people rowing
on beat dog it was the fucking Vikings
man how crazy that DNA just stuck with
those people and that was just the
little section of it man if you were to
see from stage Daryl was like it was
spot like spotted groups and they sat
down and they sat down and were rowing
[Laughter]
fucking crazy
yeah have you ever seen there was a they
did a Viking chant once at a soccer game
crazy
oh man it's wild cuz a whole fucking
arena did it and you feel it you feel
that shit like wow you got to think man
when they they were going to wars back
in the day and grabbing all their guys
up just like that
yeah grata to know this fucking boats
gonna go sideways yeah
you know I don't I don't know where that
move comes from but it looks cool with
seals fuck it
it's gotta be an old-school Viking thing
yeah they probably do it when they get
drunk yeah I mean you know think about
it you know they used to conquest
motherfuckers so they're like fucking
row and like see if you could find that
the Viking one at a soccer game because
it's like I think it's at a World Cup or
something like that but they're like
yeah yeah you hear it in the crowd he's
like oh my god imagine hearing that shit
over the way they're coming to get you
is your village like grab the baby we're
gonna live in the woods fuck yeah gotta
get out of here yeah yeah and those are
big dudes yeah there it is oh oh yeah
look at that dog doo-doo together man
they're all insane look at the hand
that's spooky
yeah Meadows now the fuckers if somebody
reignites them medinet Matson that horde
connections run fucking crazy line of
DNA you know a line of people that just
were conquerors sturdy motherfuckers
sturdy giant motherfuckers who did
mushrooms yeah they would do it blaze up
mushroom their fucking heads into
oblivion and just go slash people go get
him it's crazy man is it there's another
one sit another what so that's like
their thing with Viking club
I guess the NFL Vikings sort of adopted
this recently they do it in their
football games yeah but look at that
dork with the glasses put your fucking
hands down man stop you beat you stop
that sorry oh hi oh I get it
he's are spiking so when you first start
wrapping like you wrap them with kids in
your neighborhood are you like aspiring
to be a rapper and write and shit down
and trying things on your friends like
how do you get started well the way that
I started I was writing you know like
poetry first really yeah what kind of
poetry just like you know like hood
stuff you know just stuff that rhymes
but like just sort of writing it down
like it was it was almost like writing
raps but it just you know that's without
saying it right because you read it and
shit like that whatever but I would just
write poetry about you know everyday
shit you know I mean nothing you know
wasn't like doing like the I don't know
if there's like categories of poetry but
you know it was just stuff that that
would happen from day to day you know
and I had a knack for writing I realized
that now I always wanted to be a
journalist that's you know what really
that's the thing that I thought I was
gonna be at school right do you right
now I was for a while but I loved that
stuff just again everyday stuff or you
know I'd like randomly pick something to
write about so if it was Kent about the
cannabis industry I'd write something
about that if it was about the music
industry I'd write something about that
like I every now and then I would there
was a back in the early 2000s there was
a magazine called industry insider
magazine and occasionally I would write
articles for that I wasn't really that
great because you know I was so spotty
in school that you know that my you know
it needed work you know but they they
left it raw the way that that I would
put it out there and people got in my
point and now that was cool but I looked
at it in the way that the the music that
I've done in a lot
the song serve as a a certain form of
journalism for me you know like you know
bringing up certain issues that people
don't necessarily hear like throw your
set in the air as a song on temples boom
and it's a song about how you would get
you know in inducted into a gang how you
get put into a gang how you fall into it
and some people might think you know by
hearing it that it was glorifying it and
praising it but it wasn't it was
basically this is how it is this is so
you know the signs to look for if your
kids are you know fucking around with
the wrong people you know and that's you
know I took it like okay you know maybe
I'm not a journalist like I intended to
be but this is my way of it you know I
can enlighten people with certain things
and you know like anything somebody's
gonna read something or hear something
and maybe misinterpret what you say but
you know it's all about who's who's
listening and who's reading and who's
watching and stuff like that and their
interpretation of it and some get it
some don't and that's just the nature of
it but like most people get it and I've
I've come across people that have come
to me and come and said hey man your
your your songs on temple of boom men
you know they helped to get me through
these times or you these songs raised me
they taught me this this and that that's
awesome and to me you know that that's
that's the impact right there that's the
shit
yeah means more than anything right
because I'm sure you remember songs that
got you through like oh yeah for sure do
you know there was songs from k RS one
in Public Enemy that you know got me
through and fired me up you know and
inspired and stuff like that eris ones
another one people forget about man I'll
be in my car just going that's the son
of the police yeah I mean he he taught
me how to be a bullhorn you know the
mean like tell you know like yeah tell
the truth you know you're gonna tell get
the word out and and and not be fearful
of what might happen because he could
have been one of the biggest stars in in
hip-hop but he chose not to be he chose
to be a voice and sometimes in being
that voice you know you
get objects put in front of you and
certain opportunities don't you know get
put on your table because he says some
great shit man you're talking about
getting mad at the president it's like
being mad at the manager at McDonald's
yeah you know for the way the
corporation's being run yeah it's it's
he he is uh very insightful in the shit
that he says and he is very unafraid to
state it in state his opinion for you to
get like people coming up to you when
they first start coming up to you
telling you that your music got them
through things that it means so much to
them when that first start happening
that must have been so real you know
yeah because as an artist as especially
as a young artist you that's not
something you think about all these
songs are gonna well it depends on on
the artist you are right guys hit how
old were you like 23 years I'm like that
old were you when that was like we
released in 91 and it really started
going for us in 92 so I was 22 yeah
that's so crazy
oh there goes the baby fro yeah but I
mean think about that man that is so
crazy for you to go from the guy who yo
MTV raps yeah who remembers that I did a
bungee jump at this spring break with
Treach from Naughty by Nature was that
the one that was in Cancun
no that was Daytona Beach right oh okay
when MTV was still when MTV was still
allowed over there
was back when MTV had music yeah when
they had music format empty was a MTV
was music videos yeah good luck finding
a fucking music video now they still I
gotta go to YouTube
yeah exactly yeah wow that's wild what
was it like when it first started
popping off and you were 22 years old
was it did it feel real it was a it was
a crazy thing because it's not something
that I had ever envisioned happening you
know I didn't think that you know the
music would blow up like that you know
we were doing it to obviously try and
make a name for ourselves and and make
music that people liked but fuck we
didn't see that coming at all
especially with insane in the brain when
they told me when like when kill a man
started going it was like surreal
because you know we didn't think that
song would take just because it you know
of the chorus itself you know fuck what
the song is about that you know we knew
that the chorus was you know what they
were gonna hear more than anything and
so I you know we we thought that we're
gonna have a good underground album we
didn't realize it we didn't think they
were gonna put kill a man in the juice
movie and that would blow that song up
even more so than it was it was getting
because we had released funky Phil ones
first and it was a double a-side single
funky Phil and and kill a man on the
other a side which means at that time
the DJ's had the option of which song
they wanted to go whereas most of the
time you had a a side B side and the a
side is most definitely the one that the
record company wants you to push we gave
it a double a-side because we thought
maybe the djs would like kill a man more
they went with funky Phil when the
record company because they figured it
would be easier to market right and then
the DJ started flipping the record of
course and we started getting traction
behind that our record was out like six
months had dropped off the chart and
they flipped the record our shit slowly
starts to go back up the chart we got
back on the chart and started climbing
and we were getting a whole lot of mix
show play and then we started doing a
lot of promotional shows that being one
of them and it started going and killing
man started getting us going and I mean
we toured for probably a year and a half
like a lot of just a lot of promotional
shows and not getting paid you know just
you know Sony having us out there
promoting the record and by the time you
know our record got back back up into
the middle of the chart so I mean it was
still rising but then they saw that
they're like we got to get them off the
road and making a new record so that's
when we got out there with black sunday
and with black Sunday and insane coming
out again that's not a song I thought
would blow up when they've chose that
for the single I'm late
right there's better songs but fuck it
that's the one okay so it comes out boom
it explodes and now we have our black
Sunday charting at number one coming in
and our our first album had come all the
way from the bottom to hit number five
so we had two two albums in the top ten
200 top ten of the 200 songs you know on
the chart which no one had ever done in
hip-hop before we had one in five slot
and you know fuck we definitely didn't
think that was gonna happen I mean you
know it was all a surprise and it went
from one minute you could go to a mall
and be you know unassuming and nobody
even knows who the fuck you are and you
know you're getting about your day - now
you go to the mall and the whole fucking
mall is swarming on you like fucking
you're like you know Paul McCartney or
something it was the craziest shit they
would ask us to leave the malls like
really yeah like we used to I used to go
to this one called the Montebello it was
in Montebello I can't remember what the
name of the mall was but it was in
Montebello the only one down there at
the time and we knew everybody there you
know as we're coming up because that's
where we'd go shop so you know you make
friends and people in the shop and stuff
like that
and when we come back off the tour this
time and go try to go to that mall you
know one of our friends fucked up and
wore Cypress Hill jacket and that's like
a fucking billboard when you're standing
next to one of us right
so before you know it boom we get
swooped and and you know some pretty
cellphone - yeah and the mall security
cuz I hey man you know I know it's
fucked up but you guys gotta go really
yeah man it's a commotion you guys gotta
go they're telling me I'm like they
think someone's gonna fight I'm like all
right I never went back to that mall
after that Wow all right cool because
you know what I didn't want to cause
them problems - it was now it was tough
to go somewhere at that time and not get
you know swarmed that get swarmed yeah
it was it was
it was quite quite an experienced man
like you know cuz you only ever hear
about it till it happens and you might
you know if you have friends in the
industry and it's happening for them you
might see it indirectly you know like
through that through their shit and you
know we had friends in the business you
know for it kid frost was one of my
friends before we got out there and is
he still around yeah yeah he still does
stuff you know um I don't know if he's
putting out so much new music these days
but he's still here and there he's doing
some of the cannabis industry stuff too
because he's a big connoisseur I got to
tell you my man smokes he used to smoke
like a train man like him and I would
trade joints off left and right but you
know for a time you know I would go hang
with him at his gigs I'd be his
bodyguard cuz I was the one that was not
afraid to carry the hammer meaning the
Magnum in my waistline you know I was we
were Cowboys man we were always armed at
that time from 89 to probably 97 or 98
we were holding pistols on our hip like
Cowboys and you know he knew that so he
asked me he would ask me to go to the
gigs you know Ted you know double as his
bodyguard I wasn't his bodyguard but I
was his bodyguard you know me right
and um I'd see the way he handled it and
let's see the way you know people
crowded around him and in and you know I
saw I learned how to deal with it
watching you know how he would do it in
a negative way or a positive way cuz you
know he was sometimes embrace the crowd
sometimes it's like fuck off me you know
like a lot a lot of artists are you know
and that sort of prepared me so that
when you know we got in our lane you
know I knew how to sort of deal with it
and I you know was always courteous and
cool and respectful and never the guy
there's like nah man fuck that get out
of here because I see it in some of my
homies were like that you know and I
didn't I hated the feeling that when the
fans would walk away just totally
fucking wind out of their sails and shit
like that now they don't like this
artist
ever again you know and I saw that and I
never wanted to have anyone walk away
with that experience I always embraced
it even when it was a pain in the ass
you know so when was your first time
ever getting on stage
do you remember first time that there
used to be a club called Radio Tron here
in the 80s right and it was the hip-hop
club if you were into hip-hop any aspect
of it whether it was rapping
breakdancing popping graffiti all the
people went to that spot and it was hard
to get in there and it was hard to get
on the mic no less but we had a homie
who was like a legendary DJ out here
when when the a.m. station was playing
hip-hop his name was Tony G and he was
the leader of the Mixmaster show they
had Mix Master and he had a residency at
the radio Tron so we grew up with one of
his um when his boys that was his like
his protege so they invited us over and
myself and Sen got on the mic and mellow
and I froze the fuck I tell you I froze
up I forgot every rap I ever wrote or
ever memorized I was like it would be
one of the two times that I would freeze
in my life and and it was that was the
first time I was on stage and all those
people looking at me waiting expecting
something I totally blew it you know and
I told myself okay I gotta get over the
nervousness and then the other thing we
were doing like it was a it was like um
they wanted rappers to do this PSA for
some bullshit right and they wanted us
to write this rap and put all this
certain information in there and I had
it I had it memorized I had it locked in
the minute they said go and they were
filming it you know this is film it
I kept fucking it up horribly like I
didn't even get through it I was like
I'm sorry I can't do it fuck I you know
I I was getting mad at myself to that
fuck what's wrong with me I know I
wasn't maybe that was problem that was
probably the problem you know cuz when
I'm
not high as when shit like this happens
right so those are the two times that I
totally fucked it up in I like from the
last time I said I'll never do that
again I'm gonna be prepared and I'm
gonna get through the anxiety or
whatever it is and so those were the
first two times but the first time on
stage where I actually pulled it off was
probably one of our first showcases it
was at a it was at this place off of the
10 and it wasn't a showcase it was
actually a competition you know I used
to do competitions it's clubs like if I
can what do they call it a forgot what
they used to call him but you know
different bands would it was like a
battle of the bands right so we went in
and I'm coming off of that horrible
fucking deal that had just happened you
know maybe a month or two before and I
totally got over it and we were
performing real estate you know in this
showcase and we lost but we made the
biggest impression there because the
song you know we performed it like you
know the way that it supposed to be
and then at the end cent dog jumped on
the big judge's table and he you know he
grabbed his balls right in front of the
fucking female judge and then as he
jumps off the table it breaks in half
into her lap you know and everybody
loved it we lost to these dudes who are
like new new edition wannabes we call
them titty rolls but we don't remember
they won but in reality we won because
the that's what everybody was talking
about us at the end you know like how
raw that was and after that show I
realized you know this is this is how
I'm supposed to do it and I seen Kay rs1
do a show one time where the sound went
out he didn't have a stage they he was
on a couple of tables that were put
together and he just got up in front of
the whole club no microphone no music
and just started rapping his verses and
people were rapping right along with him
not giving a fuck that the sound turned
off but the fact that he just continued
to do the show
and that right there taught me a lot
about how you control shit on stage yeah
sometimes when when things go wrong it's
a great opportunity oh yeah yeah did a
show at the improv last month
like maybe my last month or the month
before the power went out and they're
like what do you want to do said fuck it
let's do a show I could yell yeah so we
just did everybody just did the show
with no microphone but that was us you
know The Improv is a small room it's
only 180 people yeah I mean that that
that place was you know a small place
too but I mean it it goes to show you
man like if you got it you gotta do it
yeah it's probably better sometimes
because it's unique yeah cuz people will
remember you know the other way yeah you
know it probably would have been a great
show and people would be talking about
it but they'll remember the fact that
you got over that adversity and were
able to still deliver and that's the
shit that K RS 1 did for me he showed me
through the adversity he kept doing the
show and the people were still with him
and I thought okay one day that's gonna
be me and I'm gonna do what the teacher
does and you know that that that had
been one of the most important things
that I learned you know and watching
others do shows and stuff like that and
what I would do when I got up there you
know and I applied all those those you
know lessons men you know and and it's
made me who I am as my part of Cypress
Hill and when I do my solo stuff and
when I'm with prophets of rage that you
know that got me prepped for everything
that I do now in terms of music now how
did you well it's good that did you for
you to tell people that you had a real
hard time your first time performing oh
yeah there's probably a lot of people
out there think I'll never say inches
yeah a lot of people never say that
they'll lie you know but that's I think
that's important and there's nothing
wrong with those feelings man it's it's
good you're gonna learn man your head
it's it's it's like you liken it to to
like college stars that are coming into
the professional sports knowing
basketball players for instance you get
this number-one draft pick he comes to a
team and everybody has these high
expectations no one knows that this
you know some people own the space like
LeBron and Kobe and Kevin Garnett came
straight from high school and they own
the space the minute they got in it I
mean Kobe had to work he wasn't the
greatest you know when he when he
started he had to work to get to where
he was at and and a lot of these guys do
some of them you know again they come in
and they already got it you know like
LeBron he was you know playing and
groans met grown man's game right when
he got into the league thrown into the
fire but he was ready for that he got
better and and learned the role and
learned who he was as he's gone but he
was one of those rare thing rare people
that can just jump into it some people
have to get better at it yeah and you
know it's the same thing with music like
you get thrown on on that big stage for
the first time if you're not prepped for
it you're gonna definitely be nervous
you know you could either embrace that
and you know it'll be your first show
and you could do a good one or you could
do a horrible one but either way you're
gonna learn from that yeah and if you
don't learn from it then the run is
short if you learn from it you know you
know you learn how to get better and and
sustain a longer career how did you
learn how to get over the anxiety like
your first show having a the first show
suck like that
what was it how did what was what did
you learn like how did you how did you
take classes did you read a book you
know what we did that helped me was that
we rehearsed a lot because for me it was
like more remembering the songs it
wasn't like the nerve to go out in front
of people because we came from the
breakdance in b-boy culture the popping
and stuff like that so much of that is
going against someone battling someone
in front of a crowd and if you can be in
front of a crowd doing that cuz that's
vulnerable I mean you know because in a
battle you could either win or you lose
and if you lose you know obviously you
can lose in an embarrassing way or you
lose in a close battle but either way
people are sitting there watching you
judging you either cheering you or
booing you wouldn't you know any one of
those so that
help me be able to get on stage and
perform in front of people
it for more from me it was more about
knowing the songs making sure that I
know him through the nervousness you
know and so for us we did a lot of
rehearsals in the early days just so
that those first shows that we did that
we were locked in and we made an
impression and you know when we did that
and we saw the results of how people
were reacting to our show it gave me
more confidence so you know I I'd
rehearsed the songs in my head you know
when I wasn't around the other guys I'd
be kicking the songs and I'd be or be on
a treadmill working out saying the songs
you know getting them in my head and
just gave me the confidence I know this
fucking shit I go up there I'll rock
this fucking thing I'm not gonna forget
it cuz that's always the problem for me
it was never getting in front of people
it was do I know my shit and now I know
it in such a way that like you know it's
it's second nature do I still get those
nervous butterflies yeah for sure some
shows depending who's watching who's on
the side stage or how big the crowd is
and whatnot ya still get some of that
but you know I I do a quick meditation
before I go out there you know just in
my head real quick and then our band
prayer and then that's the that's the
switch right there and we go and we're
ready and it but it took me a while to
get to that you know because it takes
work it's like anything if you're a
athlete if you're a boxer you're only
gonna get better by boxing all the time
training all the time not overtraining
but making sure that you're in there
putting in the work and it's the same
thing when you're rockin stages you know
a lot of us sometimes forget to go and
put the time in and rehearse and you
could see that when there's a sloppy
show or someone's out of breath or
they're not saying the whole line or
they said the line wrong or they're
changing up fragments of the song to
make it easier for their performance and
it doesn't necessarily fit that's when
you know somebody ain't putting in the
work but for us you know we always
you know that was a part of the draw for
Cyprus that's how he won a lot of people
over was the energy of our live show so
but it took that the rehearsals men and
I would tell any artist coming up right
now man before you start doing your
shows you cuz you may get a hit like
that fast these days and you may be
called to go do that show now if you
don't do that show right and you suck as
good as that song is you're never gonna
sell tickets when they fucking say hey
so-and-so is performing at the you know
this place ah fuck that I'd rather just
listen to the record he sucks life you
know so the rehearse man rehearse and
then after that hey take you know do
what you will but those they fucking
help man you know for your confidence on
performing the song that's a wise thing
to tell people man be up professionally
a pro you can be a professional decide
you're a professional in that fucking
work that work does give you confidence
and it works with fighting it works with
comedy I'm sure it works with everything
yeah man you got to be proficient
professional at D professional and
official at the same time protocol what
is the meditation that you do just the
self-awareness you know what I mean like
the the circular breathing you know and
concentrating on that and in the moment
and then you know just letting that
clear my head you know I mean just focus
focusing on the breathing I mean that's
what they tell you pretty much in any
meditation to focus on the breathing and
all these things are gonna come through
your head but if you keep on focusing on
that you know everything sort of goes
away mmm and your your reset so you know
I'll I'll do that when when I feel maybe
some sort of anxiety before going on if
I don't feel that I don't necessarily do
the meditation I'll we'll just do the
prayer and that's sort of like you know
sets it all in but yeah like some shows
man I'll have to like go in a room and
just sit there and you know do the
breathing man and it helps people might
think about what the fuck is I gonna do
is gonna reset your mind and give you
some clarity
you know for me at least that's what it
did what's the biggest crowd you guys
ever performed in front of I think the
biggest was with Woodstock 94 I think it
was 93 94 and that was like three
hundred and three hundred eighty some
odd thousand people we've done some big
ones yeah small European country we've
done some like you know like at you know
hundred thousand people in hundred
videos Jamie oh my god I got to see this
I just cut my hair right there I was
like you know oh my god see the little
guy next to mugs mmm he was our our
miniature knockout guy he knew jujitsu
Taekwondo Shotokan he trained with with
my boy Kenji and he was like he was like
our unofficial security that's cuz
unassuming right yeah he's a little guy
I mean he even did even did a few MMA
fights
I almost lost my shit right here because
you know seeing three hundred and some
odd thousand people jumping around to
your shit God you know it could give you
some equilibrium problems because it
looks like waves crashing into each
other then it's that big I mean that's
got to be one of the biggest concerts
ever
yeah anybody's ever performed in front
of in North America for sure I mean in
all of human history yeah it was one of
the biggest how the fuck how do you get
it more than 380,000 people together
yeah it's nice that's probably only
happened a few times it's it's crazy I
mean every band they had on this this
particular bill was huge at the time you
know so it was yeah it was it was pretty
crazy trying to just get there we like
some of us had to get in through boats
some of us had to get in through
helicopter why cuz there's sooo many
because they they had started parking on
the roads like the old school with
star-ledger up the highways and stuff
like that they parked like they pretty
much shut the shit down
and I went in through helicopter and
some of the other guys went in like
after that's when you know you're on top
of the world they flying into a show and
a fucking helicopter now to use a girl
that's when you realize why you can
never get away from the cops when there
if I can see everything but that's a
funny thing man when you watch those
dudes that are trying to escape from the
cops on the ground and then you watch
the cops in the helicopter the spotlight
just stays in the car the entire time
yeah get that that's yeah that's and
that's just a piece of it right there
and they had a rotating stage what are
you doing you have to take a shit how
long does it take to get from the front
row to the back tell you we walked
around in that shit right there and it
was super muddy and crazy and people
were like butt-naked it with mud smeared
all over their fucking bodies and it was
like people went primal awesome people
made babies that day in their tent I'm
sure they did for sure they did I yeah
sure there's a lot of people out there
right now it was it was it was fucking
crazy man I got to tell you there was
there was people out there totally
hippie doubt like straight-up butt-naked
and you know and there was a good
portion of them I mean not not in terms
of the whole concept of is a small
percentage but like you've seen just
naked people walking around free out
there it was crazy as fuck we like like
are we is this really happiness shit man
and then the mud was so thick man it was
the type where like if you walk through
it with your shoes and your shoes
weren't tight or you weren't wearing
boots
it was sucking the shoe right off of
your foot it happened to me a number of
times hell in that show I jumped into
the crowd cuz normally I would jump into
the crowd and you know just be floating
you know stage dive style but I would
still be doing the song right and on
that particular show they took my shoes
and socks I got back on stage with no
she was in socks and you know about 15
years later you know I had one guy with
once you come to the show in fucking
have me sign it
and then the other shoe somehow some
chick had it and had me sign it years
later so I caught up with both shoes
what about the socks didn't catch up
with the socks the socks but the shoes
yet caught up with them what do they
have a limited amount of tickets for
Woodstock I mean what the fuck's do they
do when you get that many people I think
they probably started with some sort of
limit and became K and then it became
chaos you know like did something they
couldn't handle I mean if you lived
there I know they were pissed off they
had a break for like fucking 25 years
they had a break they sold a hundred and
sixty four thousand tickets but the
crowd estimated size was five hundred
and fifty thousand okay bullshit I was
too short but that's 200,000 short
because the rest rushed the gate you
know they took the fence and you know
took it down and they just fucking
roll-to-roll dog yeah I would imagine
yeah it you know cuz when it's an event
that everybody wants to get to they're
gonna find a way to it and it's outside
and it's outside and that what those
numbers man that's just you can't stop
that now no in it you know it's it's a
great part of their history because I
mean you know that one was a good one
where no one got hurt it was no crazy no
crazy shit happening like the next one
after that I mean they had so what
happened the next one uh well shit they
had a bunch of women said they had
gotten raped or molested at at the one
the following year and fires yeah and
then there was fires there was a whole
bunch of people lost their fucking minds
at that one and they had some great
bands too so you know it they don't do
that anymore right what starts know that
they're doing it it's move sell your
house yeah do something do something
it's crazy though cuz there's a fire
holy shit man
yeah I had bonfires yeah I believe when
I owned this gift what corn went on it
was either limp Biskit or corn and the
fires just fucking started people were
pissed too because they were charging so
much for water and like they couldn't
they couldn't get to the bathrooms like
you're asking like there's they didn't
have the facilities set up as well
yeah they didn't have adequate
facilities for what what the fuck was
popping to me you know you know a spouse
is Christ look at the fucking what it
looks like after it's over listen a
thousand Andy Gump's for 500,000 people
is nothing you imagine you need like
10,000 imagine being the dude who gets
in there after 5,000 I mean they totally
took over the fucking that was crazy
they shut down the fucking highway they
just parked their cars they made yeah
they made the highway the plan is crazy
look at that yeah at least it was kind
of orderly sort of sort of they shut
I'll tell you this though they weren't
cold-blooded that the organizers because
these guys had some fucking moxie I'll
tell you that hey listen you know after
every band was done with their set they
expected you to leave right away because
the next wave of bands was coming and
they were getting your spot so like if
you had a dressing room once your set
was done you were expected to get the
fuck out so you had a helicopter out of
there if if yeah it was best if you did
because if you didn't take the ride when
when when you were supposed to you were
getting stuck there they couldn't
guarantee that they could give you the
ride back to your shit after that you
know because they had all the other
bands to think of and they might not
have room for you when they take the
other bands so it was like saying that
picture is insane yeah it was that
that's that's the one I'll remember the
most I mean we've we've done some huge
gigs but like that one by far you know
never have we played for another five
hundred thousand you know is it sound
like it was five hundred thousand people
scream much like that Viking chant
I mean we had a small nation right there
half raised you know legitimately like
when you leave there and then you go do
a regular gig afterwards does it feel
weird yeah well it depends but yeah
adjusting it does take some adjusting
you know especially if the next gig
isn't as hype as that you're like fuck
we just came from Woodstock but
fortunately the smaller gigs that we had
after that you know in terms of playing
festivals they were like you know in
between 30,000 70,000 hundred thousand
and we felt that that gave us such an
experience that we can handle any
fucking stage so it became easier for us
to do festivals after that and the
reaction that we would get at these
festivals were smaller versions of what
we did there you know and it was it was
a great experience because we did we had
been doing like a couple of European
festivals before that so it sort of
prepared us for that but we didn't we
didn't I mean the fucking numbers we
were definitely not prepared for we're
like whoa what the yeah that's like that
transcends reality yeah I mean listen we
know that that's not our show they're
not all there for us you know cuz it's a
mixed bag right bunch of different
artists and you're winning over people
if anything you're you're you're they're
playing for your your base of people
that might have come to see you but
you're winning everybody else over if
you're doing it right and for us it was
like a victory because we saw you know
half a million people up there jumping
up and down though all our shit and they
knew the words and they were singing
with us and you know it was like a a big
notch under the belt in a boost for our
confidence knowing that we can get in
front of anybody play with anyone and
get that reaction I mean because after
that you know we were getting booked on
metal driven festivals and stuff where
we're the only hip hop on it but it's
all straight-up metal I mean we're plan
shows co-headlining under Metallica
right and Metallica Cypress Hill
biohazard Deftones Fear Factory and all
that stuff you know to mean and we'd be
in that mix playing those festivals with
those guys and with hip-hop music and
you know the boost did it gave us in the
confidence it was like fuck that we can
play with any of these motherfuckers it
doesn't matter who it is and and we went
to those metal fence metal festivals
with our hip hop and got metal reaction
mosh pit stage dives everything what you
know and in it felt good to be able to
hang up there with them Metallica I mean
yeah what they do to a crowd is crazy
but we realized that if we were playing
on the same venue going before them we
can in in a festival form we can fucking
hang with anyone in and that's that
pretty much put us over the top with
doing festivals like yeah we're gonna
fucking rule this shit people are gonna
have to people are gonna have to up
their game when we're on that festival
with them that's the way we took it I
would imagine you couldn't sleep for
days after that chair the adrenaline was
crazy I gotta tell you the adrenaline
was crazy and when you're in the
helicopter leaving were you like what
the fuck does happen yeah we were we
were tripping out man I mean we were
like totally in awe of the response that
we got and that's the the you know the
enormity of the fucking crowd man I mean
it was fuckin huge used to be a part of
something that's that I mean that's like
something that no one there is ever
gonna forget we took it for granted I've
got to tell you when we fuckin duh
they're well they want you to do so okay
we'll do Woodstock whatever and when we
got there that's when we saw just how
fucking crazy it was I think this yes
this is you I have to hold my shirt
forward so that I don't get choked out
and there goes there goes the first
users like oh fuck there goes watch you
there goes my white sock
yeah that goes the other is so
ridiculous and there is no fucking
security that can stop 500,000 people
save all that shit no you're at the
mercy of the fans he's gonna grab from
my sock pretty soon that is so wild than
just stealing socks look at it still
your pants yeah hey listen you know they
tried in big grab you dick no you know
they tried to grab the weed in my pocket
is that sometimes you know when the
adrenaline is kicking you're not really
thinking you know what's in my pocket
shit like that but yeah you know
throughout I had chicks trying to grab
my shit for sure of course for sure yeah
that was a little you know crazy for me
you know but it is what it is if you're
gonna stand close yeah you know shit
like this happens right yeah man I mean
if you're gonna stage dive you gotta
assume some weird shit is gonna happen
yeah I mean for me you know people were
mostly respectful you know but they
would go through my pockets to see if I
had weed in one pocket
yeah I did I had some I had like an
ounce of weed in one at one show and I
jumped in and I totally forgot I had it
in my pocket boom if I can take my
goddamn hope you enjoyed that I bet they
did
oh they did but they're rolling that
joint this is real weed man I know they
say straight from California this is the
real shit yeah California weed to this
day still holds up yeah I mean you got
some good Colorado weed there's some
good weed all over the country but most
weed is just it's like okay okay other
places yeah righto in California and
then the rest is kind of Seattle's got
real good weed Seattle actually blow
your fucking mind they'll blow your mind
yeah I gotta say or again they'll blow
your mind people have stepped up they're
still behind California you know in
terms of how much good weed there is
here like I mean there's so much you
know from north to south and in central
cow there's so many different strains
that are fucking good right you go to
other places and they have a few strains
that are good but that's because they're
still you know they're still trying to
catch up in terms of knowledge and
cultivation and stuff like
that in in in how to make the strains
that they have you know it maximized the
flavor in in the high and all that stuff
some have caught up and some are still
lagging a little bit behind but I gotta
tell you man when this last trip I just
had to Vancouver I was just there for
4/20 and they had some shit that
California boys would be like yo this is
fire right here you know if they had
animal cookies that were really good
wedding cake which is a strain it's you
know popular here in Cali
you know Thea the jungle boys and and
burner and stuff like that when they
were when they were working together on
exotics and and they also had this this
joint called Black Diamond and tri
octane and all of them man I I gotta say
all of them burn sweet they tasted good
that that white ash did people are
looking for now you know people think
you know when they see why - it's the
purest
newsflash even if it has a little bit of
black ash it's still you know there's
still you know people clean flush their
roots you know what I mean it's just
that some of the nutrients if you're
using salts as your nutrients you know
which most people are these days you're
ash comes out white if you're using
nutrients that are already pre-made like
an advanced nutrients and the others
sometimes you know you might have a
little bit of black ash because some of
the components into those nutrients
doesn't mean it's not clean it just
looks prettier when it's white but
anyway these guys they're shit all white
ash and the taste was fuckin beautiful
in the high was definitely there and I I
say the guys in Vancouver man they have
stepped it up even runnin weed through
Vancouver for a long time Jeff said what
was Adams Cordys documentary he had the
culture high and then before that there
was another one the documentary that was
all about uncovering mm-hmm how much of
Vancouver's entire economy is based on
marijuana and if you pulled it out like
when they talk about the Union that's it
the business mind
when if you pulled weed out of Vancouver
you took it out of their economy the
economy would essentially collapse yeah
I mean it's responsible for so many
people being wealthy up there and it's
so it was now it's a hundred percent
legal throughout the entire country yeah
but back then in 2007 I was in that
documentary that was 12 years ago it was
just tolerated it was was weirdly
tolerate yeah where it wasn't legal but
they didn't ever arrest anybody for it
but there was a lot of gangsters a lot
of Hell's Angels revolved a lot of dudes
were selling weed and they had flashy
diamond colored white covered watches
and shit there was a lot of that yeah
yeah yeah you know it's still sort of I
mean you know listen the black markets
always gonna be a you know anywhere
especially right now that the taxes are
so high to buy cannabis and to grow it
and all that stuff everything that
involves it it's pretty expensive right
now so they're encouraging organized
crime right yeah which my point was you
know when the corporations come in that
shit comes down and then the black
market has a bigger problem at that
point because then prices of cannabis
will come down but you know it's always
gonna exist in in you know we sort of
went through the same thing when when
215 came about here in California where
it was you know cops didn't know what
the fuck to do when they caught you with
it they didn't want to do anything you
know because they they knew as well as
we were this shit is eventually gonna be
legal they don't want to be wasting
their time and putting people in jail
for for cannabis because you know
there's other people that need to be in
jail for real for real crimes but yeah I
think what's happening in Vancouver now
is that now that it's legal yeah people
are still making money and they're still
you know they're still on top of the
game but it's it's it's harder to make
the money right now
well at least well maybe not for Canada
because it's federally legal but you
still got to jump through a number of
Hoops you know in terms of regulation
and fines and fees and shit like that to
operate you know and there
a bit different than ours obviously
we're not ours isn't like federal yet
but I mean you know from what they were
saying is it like you know in a few
years all these companies will be making
a whole lot of money right now they're
making money but it's basically about
survival getting past a certain time
when all the all the legislation all the
rules and all the regulations are
finally set in place and they're not
gonna change from year to year like they
like they have been so you know well
Denver had it real weird for a while
where they weren't allowed to use banks
yeah
you know like us right now here in Cali
we can't use banks yeah what do they do
with it
so they can they use credit cards here
they used to be able to yeah you can use
credit cards but realistically it's it's
if you're making money from from
cannabis in terms of if you're a
cultivator or you're or whatever if
you're a business entity in the cannabis
world they won't take your money if they
know it's coming from the cannabis
cannabis culture right but you know in
the last in the last two months they've
you know Forbes just put out a story
about that the federal government is
gonna still start allowing banks to to
allow banking in the cannabis in the
Canada it's not going anywhere they'd be
crazy to not you just leave money on the
table even a whole lot of money
California considers plan to encourage
marijuana banking yeah yeah and that and
that just came out yesterday
you know the Forbes story came out like
maybe last week or something but this is
you know one of the residuals of it is
it you know in places like California
that we had problems with banking yeah
that is no longer going to exist so now
if you needed to expand your business or
something you get a business loan now or
you can actually put your money in the
fucking bank you know whereas before you
had to fucking buy some sort of vault or
some shit
and keep it there and you know obviously
that ain't safe because you got pirates
out there still to this day trying to
figure out okay where did they keep
their money because it's not a bank
well when I was in Colorado when it
first became legal and they were having
a real heart that they couldn't use
credit cards and it was all cash and
they just had SpecOps guys everywhere
bulletproof vests just covered with guns
just ready to rock at any moment's
notice and they were worried that they
were gonna get you know yeah someone was
gonna try to take over the store and
take all the money yeah I mean there's
still issues that they got to worry
about moving into the future in terms of
transport portation right you know
because throughout throughout the
history of doing any sort of business
terms of products going from one side of
the nation to the other you know trucks
get hijacked a lot yeah for electronics
for any sort of goods so you know when
you're transporting cannabis from state
to state they're gonna have to have that
you know figured out too because there's
you know people that are gonna be trying
to jack those trucks yeah and hitting
that into the black market you know what
else is weird that there's people that
they post up on people's private land
and start these growth these grow
centers they put up a garden in people's
land like I I've a friend who works on a
ranch and in like central California and
they were doing this run they were
checking gates and checking fences or
where the cattle are and they found like
a fucking acre of wheat like what the
fuck is this and there was some dudes
there they had campgrounds set up and
shit and yeah it was like they were just
they were cartel dudes they just like
set up a spot yeah find a spot set up
they don't know who fucking owns it and
if they'd you know it'd get dropped off
there apparently they'd think if I
remember the story they got the guys and
the guys basically explained how it
worked that they get dropped off and
they get you know they leave them with
seeds and this and that and then new
guys come in every couple weeks or a
couple months and they lived there yeah
just watch the weed until it grows to
the point where they can cultivate it
and then they move on after it's done
yeah over the place oh yeah people find
them in like state parks and forests and
shit yeah thinking that's why it happens
mostly up north and in central cow here
we don't really I mean the way they
patrol the state parks is slightly
different down here in the South though
they'll catch that
ya know that's why they did it at the
ranch because it was Tejon ranch which
is like 2,000 acres yeah huge place yes
I could believe natives owned that that
ranch right yeah you can find to this
day these stones where they ground up
acorns where they have like a little
like a pivot like a hole we rounded up I
took pictures of it it's pretty crazy
because you got to think like that's
probably a thousand years old
yeah somebody was probably grind in
acorns in there a thousand years a
thousand years ago I've never been up
north to Humboldt I've never been up to
that area oh then it's it's a it's
unique there's a lot of nice flavors up
there if you're into glass
a lot of good glass blowers out there
that's a long-standing weed culture oh
yeah I mean that shit is generational
right there from the 70s yeah Humboldt
yeah
and in in I'll tell you man you know it
as quiet as is they've been in this
cannabis culture you know you would
think that there that'd be one place
that's like celebrated and whatnot but I
mean they still are coming up with you
know incredible flavors down there you
know in terms of you know breeding
certain certain um certain strains in
creating new strains in doing it in
outside you know like as they call sun
grown or or a greenhouse you know which
is not something we do here in the south
in the south weed we do hydro it's you
know indoor because we don't have the
same type of moisture well we don't have
the space neither you know the forest
diging and the moisture and you know we
have we have insects that would eat
those outdoor crops if they're not in a
greenhouse you know I mean like fruit
worms is shit like that up there and you
know up north after dark you know it
gets cold so some of those those insects
can't live in that that environment but
in the south it doesn't get as cold as
it does up there so they can live here
so you know if you're gonna do a
greenhouse here you it's got to be a
greenhouse it can't just be outdoor
exposed because they will get they will
get fucked with for sure
those photos
I've seen of that area is everything so
fucking green that's crazy
it's like Seattle almost yeah it's
awesome man yeah we were just there not
too long ago playing to show up in that
guy in the middle of this forest of
wheat yeah on a hillside no no you know
it's not even a flat ground he's just he
got it going
yeah that looks like he's just in the
woods yeah he just started growing it in
the woods that's crazy but it has a
different feel to it right out there
with nature
like I mean I think it's drawn to hippie
to hippie dippie but I would think
that's something that lives in nature
with all those other trees and shits
communicating with those trees oh yeah I
would think so
you probably get more of like a natural
feel for the weed yeah they're probably
hot damn look at the weed plant affected
fucking bushes Jesus Christ California
black tail right there whole Lumbee a
black tail that's a big deer this is a
big deer for that part of probably
eating a wheat plant probably probably
healthiest fuck I mean if he's eating
the seeds you know easy yeah probably
fertilizing some of that shit up yeah
for the longest time we used to have to
get you know um I'm one of the owners of
on it and when we made hemp protein we
still have to buy our shit from Canada
it was so stupid it was like this is so
ridiculous you have to buy hemp from
another country yeah bring into this
country stupid well that's gonna change
yes
there's got to change I mean for for
everything for clothing even building
houses you ever see that hempcrete that
shit they make so yeah up concrete yeah
it's crazy lighter it's better it's got
better insulation values it's harder to
burn this is the type of shit that Jack
Herer was trying to tell people and
Emperor where the Emperor wears no
clothes yeah all this stuff that we we
use today hemp can be you know the
alternative at a cheaper cost including
plastic yeah biodegradable plastic all
these people that are worried about
plastic bottles and everything how bad
they are for the environment hemp
bottles you could make plastic at a hemp
and it would be biodegradable yeah it
sounds like horseshit there's so many
things that you could do with weed that
it sounds like you're making things it
sounds like you're making it up but it's
actual its actual in fact
yeah and dude over the last like couple
of months I've been fucking around
pretty heavily with CBD like every day
oh yeah I've been taking this this is a
it's a 1 in 1 it's 10 milligrams of CBD
10 milligrams of THC I take this that's
that's the perfect like one morning one
in the afternoon don't give a fuck juice
that that's an interesting time yeah you
know for someone who was you know used
to have to hide it before yeah in you
know that's the beauty of it now is it
you don't have to hide it and people
that used to you know you got people now
that you never thought were smokers and
you know now they're coming out and just
being totally free with it
and that's great man you know because
that hep laptop what the fuck is that
I'll just be a cover but yeah that's
pretty cool how could it be a cover of
its you like the USB ports and
everything about they have those like
skin covers it could just be a
look-alike but it looks like it they
should make it for time it is I gotta
agree it is it is well listen brother
you're a bad motherfucker I really
appreciate you thank you brother forever
for a long time so it's cool to get in
here and well in the hot boxes we could
yeah we're gonna to get in that Slovak
been asking for you for long time I got
and I say this you know in some of the
some of the smoke boxes you know like
because it's the realest shit like we
just had Mike Tyson in there you know
and how weird is it the smoke weed with
Mike that was I've smoked with him
before and and I've smoked with him on a
couple separate occasions
aside from there but one of the places
that I smoked with him was at that
fucking lyoto machida Rashad Evans fight
when we all left you know after the
fight we were sort of getting to our
cars and he ran into me and in my
partner Kenji and we were smoking a fat
one right there and they'd be real was
like alright fuck ya champ where do you
go and and you know we always knew he
smoked out well it was crazy about this
interview real quick that did I'll say
it like because you asked me this
in this interview like what did you do
for the anxiety's before like you know
let's say we're gonna go on stage or do
the shit right so I asked him that
similar question I said you know as
artists as athletes before we're gonna
go do our thing in front of a mass
amount of people you get this nervous
energy what did you do to you know deal
with that and he said I used to get
hypnotized before fight yeah you know
and he was saying how he would the guys
that work work with him would uh instill
these certain words like calmness you
know that would be a reoccurring word
that they would do in the hip you know
in hypnotizing him before a fight
so that he would always be calm in the
fight and never fight desperate and
always be in control of the situation no
matter what happened and that's how he
would you know get that nervous energy
down and and and be able to fight with
such focus but the other interesting
thing he said was that he never fought I
mean he was smoking the whole time you
know he's big weed head since he was
like ten years old apparently but he
said that he was smoking you know but
not necessarily when he was training
they would give him pharmaceuticals when
he was training you know shit that he
wouldn't feel nothing but he didn't have
focus what kind of pharmaceuticals he
said some of it was fentanyl some
percocet some fentanyl wasn't even
around but well it's a form of it you
know like whatever yeah I was opiate
that was whatever the defense and all of
that time whatever I can't remember what
he called it but there was two or three
prescription drugs that they would give
him and he said he he wouldn't feel
nothing he felt good like there's no
pain no nothing but the focus that he
had was was not not there right he said
that he smoked weed in one fight
Mikey smoked weed before one particular
fight and and he used the Wiz inator to
get through the urine test
somehow he fucking he says it in the
interview and you know he said that the
fight that he had where he was smoked
out was with Andrew Golota why he said
he'd never had so much focus in a fight
that it made him realize he should have
been
smoking weed through every goddamn fight
because he focused on everything he was
supposed to he said he broke his cheek
he broke his cheek air his orbital ba
broke his orbital he broke a rib and
part of his back with a body shots
Christ and he said you know that was the
fight that was the one and only fight
that he you know smoked out beforehand
and Andrew Golota got he got the flat
lined he Andrew Golota left the ring he
was like fuck this and Andrew Golota had
been through Wars oh yeah man I mean
Riddick Bowe fights were crazy Riddick
Bowe fights I mean cuz Riddick Bowe was
really good you know but he didn't hit
like Mike no no no no no I don't think
no one hit like Mike if you look at like
some of his early training how crazy he
looks if you look at some of Mike's
early training in his footwork it's
almost like you know almost like martial
arts-based mm-hmm the way that he
attacked and then he shifts mm-hmm on
his attack in his custom ah no custom
ato was a master master yeah I wasn't
until he switched up and got rid of
Kevin Rooney and you know where the
destruction starts out I think it was
also his you know his life was just too
crazy it was just two years he no one
can manage that from the time of these
22 you know by the time he retired I
mean it was probably just a whirlwind of
chaos and it's crazy cuz he realizes
that like looking back at it and he says
that he doesn't train anymore because it
awakens a beast and yeah because he said
that to you too right yeah yeah yeah cuz
that because I was watching you know
your interview with them and one of our
guys that was in the back seat asked him
hey do you ever train do you ever you
know he's like no I don't do that no
yeah use every time I get on the
treadmill and I do some running on the
treadmill but that fit I would imagine
it if he got back in training he get in
shape real quick
I'm sure it but you know it would awaken
a beast yeah they're like you can't quit
you can't quit he's like fuck you walk
you around he just got up and left push
that guy away he's like you're not
feeling these punches he knew something
was wrong well he knew
oak was eyeball was broke too there is
look they try to put the mouthpiece he
put it in its Lou Duva yes Lou Duva but
no it's not who's that guy looked like
Lou do her for a second yes I mean you
could tell his fucking face his bus is
right there look fairly normal but I'm
sure it felt like shit you know like it
doesn't swell up real bad until later
he listened you know if Andrew Golota
you know who's been in wars and it you
know with riddick bowe and other
fighters like he he was a no slouch if
he's telling you I've had enough of this
shit as he knows yeah once they found
out that his back was broken in his face
was broken their product okay sorry
yeah I mean they think about that his a
corner guy was like trying to put his
mouthpiece back up it's so stupid once a
guy doesn't want to fight you can't make
him fight more it's like he's ready flip
that switch inside of his head you know
what I told Mike that he didn't realize
that this is the last thing because I
know we both got to go but I said do you
know that all the dudes you fought to
get to that title including you know the
dudes that you know that that you took
titles from they all stopped fighting
after you beat him none of them wanted
to come back and get nothing they didn't
want no part of that heavyweight title
after that he retired so many boxers oh
yeah he doesn't even realize that Seldon
Tony Tubbs down the line all of them
didn't retire Larry Holmes Larry Holmes
wait until he went to jail and he's like
I'm gonna come back yeah yep yeah that's
the only guy
Bonecrusher Smith yep yeah tyrell biggs
biggs he definitely retired tell ya they
were rivals at one point in time yeah he
fucked Tyrell Biggs some pretty good
Leon Spinks yeah yeah Michaels yeah you
know what I had this title too long yeah
enough check please and he told me just
like I think you know what I didn't even
really like that yeah man no I did he
retired a lot of people said we all saw
it there's a force of nature yeah and I
told him the other thing I told him real
quick too was you know like that
explanation that he had on his
documentary where he as he's come into
the ring he knew he had the fight one
yeah he could see it in their eyes and
then once he steps into the ring he's a
god they're done right and I told him
you know how I was at that Bruce Seldon
and I saw exactly what you explained in
Bruce Seldon because Bruce Seldon was
knocking fools out left and right he was
like a really good heavyweight the
minute he got in there with Mikey fanboy
doubt tasted that glove didn't want no
more yeah it was an experience it wasn't
just that you were fighting a guy who
knew how to fight but you were fighting
Mike Tyson he was your idol he was this
thing this cultural phenomenon he was
thought to be at that time everybody was
thinking he's the greatest heavyweight
of all time does a destroyer yeah no one
had an answer for him no you know Sal
didn't sell then he pretty much you know
he was a fan that was as an idol and he
took he got totally got rocked
he was so huge at the time that when
Buster Douglas beat him even though I
knew he beat him I watched the fight
afterwards I couldn't believe it I'm
like this is he's gonna get up yeah
Brucella look out Jack Bruce Seldon was
yeah he's a big boy man fucking tank
yeah and he was he was knocking people
now to me like 29 dockets and he was
fighting good guys oh yeah
cuz I'm WBA heavyweight champion yeah I
mean I've followed his career to you
know what I mean and yeah he totally
found Boyd out on Mike man Mike
well look at the staredown you seeming
to stare down you looking at that yeah
it's like oh no you made a tremendous
mistake this mistake no yeah look how
much bigger Seldon is do it he's a big
boy bro it wasn't taken under that shit
Tyson's footwork and his ability to
close the distance bobbin and Weavin I
mean it was like there was nobody before
him like nah man don't never be another
guy like that yeah as a heavyweight he
was just so fast - because realistically
the guys who trained him yes they had a
certain technique and nobody uses it
well I was not just that it was what
Mike talked about in the podcast about
being hypnotised yeah I mean from the
time he was a little boy and you know
the fact that he had nothing before that
everything was his life was shit it was
all pain and suffering and poverty and
all sudden some guy comes along and
rescues him and takes him teaches him
out of box and then all sudden he gets
recognition and positive feedback and he
felt like he was something special boom
he fucking hit that campus
yeah yeah you don't want it I kind of
forget sometimes what it was like
watching those fights to go back and
watch him now I mean there's there's
amazing fighters right now like the like
Terence Crawford who just won Saturday
night amazing amazing boxers but what
Mike was was something he was something
completely different yeah he was
something that like transcended sports
yeah everybody wanted to see him fight
you know if you believed in conspiracy
theories right
he didn't even hit it right there he
just fell on purpose right if you
believe in conspiracy theories right you
think about it like this right Mike was
knocking guys out in the first round and
people were paying a whole lot of money
for tickets and pay-per-view you know
when you look at it it looks like they
weren't trying to slow his roll and put
in a guy like Evander Holyfield who was
a brawler hmm he could box but he could
brawl and take the fight 11 rounds and
you know make it a fucking great
pay-per-view where Mike would totally
ruin the paper of you had knock your ass
out in a minute
and when you look at it the way boxing
was for such a long time I wouldn't put
it past it that you know a lot of the
shit that happened to him was
manipulated so that it would slow his
roll what what what kind of shit I mean
well you know the people that he had
around him I mean you know certainly not
hang around I mean he took all his his
his people that he trusted away from him
put different trainers in his corner
different people that were influencing
him and it just took him backwards a man
and all the people that actually helped
got him there were fucking gone and
those were the guys that was actually
giving him guidance as to you know how
to conduct yourself be a man and all
that stuff and he got around the
vultures a man and they and to me I
think Don King being Don King he stood
more money he stood a chance to make
more money with someone taking out the
fight you know 11 to 12 rounds as
opposed to one well he just he gave Mike
the worst deals ever - yeah and the
whole thing was terribly stole money
from him to this day Mike hates him yeah
that's all terrible anyway thank you my
man thank you brother see you negotiate
for sure I don't looking forward to it
right now everybody
[Music]
[Applause]